Arizona dispatches of UCLA and the
friday night semi-final now you're in
the championship game but let's talk
about what happened out there that was
yet to dig deep in that second half when
you're down seven tell me about that
effort um you know it's how it's what we
were made of I think we're a team of
substance and we never play the game
awards and we're down seven I want to
say in the eighth war there's still two
more Wars left and not only did we want
to war by 11 points they want to worry
about a couple points to as well but
we're you know we contract the game up
so we'd have to focus on getting back in
the game we shot the focus on win the
war and we just dig deep and it all
starts with getting stops so we all know
that everybody all knows that so when we
when we get down like that's like okay
let's lock that lets getting things
let's push this kid lips and that's
exactly what happened describe what
happened there in the second half when
Norman Powell was was driving and
getting into the lane how good is he
been playing as a I have a lot of
research turn over pal people and the
player that he is we got a lot of foul
trouble so I'm not sure if we had the
matchup we wanted on them but we switch
to him he figured it out but I mean all
props to him he he kept him in the game
his relentless lists on the relentless
on the glass on the driver to the basket
you know making the big three in the
corner off my miss and hit him being a
leader in the senior that he is you know
this is a he I think had a great season
this year and I've been watching long
see I grew up with him to as well so I
have a lot of stuff for him how good was
Brandon Ashley all-american type good
you know he when he's playing like that
for us and he any game you watch that
he's playing like that for us you know
we're probably winning the game so he
knows that we know that and we rely on
him as much as anybody on this team to
play well for us every night and you
know sometimes not gonna be everybody so
does it not be me Ronnie TJ gave you
know some be different people but we
also do I one or two people to do what
they have to do and tonight it was him
you've been asked this in neutral games
and road game situations about our fans
support yeah you had the center today
yeah yeah it's real tough to its rose up
to play against us you know I feel like
you know they just selling around a
today and in the introduction I feel
like I'm on mckale center it's the same
row same loud roar
it's kind of intimidating here Roy like
that you know your teammates name is
calling here rondae hollis-jefferson
it's like the whole gym of the life but
it's always big guy that's another life
for us I'll give this energy and spark
and that's what we need you're in the
tournament you've been asked about the
seating so I won't even go into that but
tomorrow is a championship and I know
Coach Miller's put that on as a goal
talk about what tomorrow means to this
team tomorrow is big for us I'm big for
me big for everybody but for our fan
base I think we deserve to give people
that came out here to Vegas a
championship we haven't won it in a
couple years now and that's very well
documented but you know we're just
focused on winning winning the game you
know we got we take a game on Tommy got
to championship game and whoever it may
be we play let's get it on let's play
and we do have to do Arizona 40 minutes
away from a pac-12 title in the
tournament
you